Who did What to this Data Set?

DSNUSAGE - a TSO command to help you find out.

Function:  "DSNUSAGE dsname" creates a job named useridDS in your
      userid.JCL.CNTL library and puts you in EDIT for the job.
      You then  type SUBMIT to start the job, after which you can
      PF3 or type CANCEL to return from EDIT to whatever you were
      doing before you entered the DSNUSAGE command.

Specifically, the job looks in SMF detail for the past seven days
and as much of today as has been dumped so far.  It reports on
anything that happened to the data set and gives the jobname or
user name that did it.  If you need to go back more than 7 days
or have other questions, please see Hersch White for assistance.

The search is fairly fast, because it is all on disk, but if
you're the first one to use DSNUSAGE today, you may have a short
delay while back GDG's are being recalled.  I have never seen it
take more than 15 minutes.

When the job finishes, you will have just the report (no JCL) in
your SDSF held output queue.  Here is a sample:

 ----   Sample is member $WHODUN1 in TSO XMIT format   ----

This sample shows the oldest generation being deleted as the
newest is added.  In the case of a GDG, the associations in the
GDG base have to be updated also.   ALTER goes against the
catalog.  SCRATCH actually removes the data set from the disk
volume(s).

Examples:  3 ways to invoke.  Full or partial dsname.  Syntax
similar to ISPF/PDF 3.4, but the final "*" or ".*" may be
omitted.  Simplified search yields every data set whose name
matches up to the first asterisk or percent sign.  This can
include more data sets than you are interested in if you use a
partial dsname.

    I.         Option 6:   DSNUSAGE D38HVW.C%%1.CLIST
                           DSNUSAGE D38BP.SMF.*.G21%%V00
                           DSNUSAGE CICP

   II.     Command line:     TSO DSNUSAGE D38HVW.C*.*.*V00
                             TSO DSNUSAGE D38AP.PDC.JCLLIB
                             TSO DSNUSAGE D38AP.PDC.*LIB

  III.  3.4 Line Command:     DSNUSAGE /
- on line with desired dsname)
- if the data set is no longer cataloged, 3.4 won't display

The command is a REXX EXEC and resides at
SYS4.USER.PPCLIB(DSNUSAGE).

Created on 02/18/99 08:09 AM
